vnyan/README.md, before:

This directory contains a number of VNyan files which may be useful in conjunction with the Remote Wheel Sender.

This currently includes the following files:

| File | Description | Creator |
|------|-------------|---------|
| [Pedals.vnprop](Pedals.vnprop) | A VNyan prop for a set of pedals (gas, brake, clutch) which can be controlled by parameters. Suitable for use with the [WheelPedals.json](WheelPedals.json) node graph. | [Loupning](https://twitter.com/Loupning) |
| [Wheel.vnprop](Wheel.vnprop) | A VNyan prop for a steering wheel, in which the steering wheel's rotation, as well as the depression of the shift paddles, can be controlled by parameters. Suitable for use with the [WheelPedals.json](WheelPedals.json) node graph. | [Loupning](https://twitter.com/Loupning) |
| [WheelPedals.json](WheelPedals.json) | A VNyan node graph which maps a number of blendshapes to parameters, representing the wheel rotation, gas/brake/clutch rotations, and paddle shifter depressions. Suitable for use with [Pedals.vnprop](Pedals.vnprop) and [Wheel.vnprop](Wheel.vnprop). | [Loupning](https://twitter.com/Loupning) |

Commit message:

Added a VNyan node graph for only the wheel.

vnyan/README.md, after:

This directory contains a number of VNyan files which may be useful in conjunction with the Remote Wheel Sender.

This currently includes the following files:

| File | Description | Creator |
|------|-------------|---------|
| [Pedals.vnprop](Pedals.vnprop) | A VNyan prop for a set of pedals (gas, brake, clutch) which can be controlled by parameters. Suitable for use with the [WheelPedals.json](WheelPedals.json) node graph. | [Loupning](https://twitter.com/Loupning) |
| [Wheel.vnprop](Wheel.vnprop) | A VNyan prop for a steering wheel, in which the steering wheel's rotation, as well as the depression of the shift paddles, can be controlled by parameters. Suitable for use with the [WheelOnly.json](WheelOnly.json) or [WheelPedals.json](WheelPedals.json) node graphs. | [Loupning](https://twitter.com/Loupning) |
| [WheelOnly.json](WheelOnly.json) | A VNyan node graph which maps a number of blendshapes to parameters, representing the wheel rotation and paddle shifter depressions. Suitable for use with [Wheel.vnprop](Wheel.vnprop). | [Loupning](https://twitter.com/Loupning)/Barinzaya |
| [WheelPedals.json](WheelPedals.json) | A VNyan node graph which maps a number of blendshapes to parameters, representing the wheel rotation, gas/brake/clutch rotations, and paddle shifter depressions. Suitable for use with [Pedals.vnprop](Pedals.vnprop) and [Wheel.vnprop](Wheel.vnprop). | [Loupning](https://twitter.com/Loupning) |
